This Long Shuai is fake.
What Long Shuai is fake?
Long Shuai is fake
Please believe
He is not Long Shuai at all
His name is the minister
He's a complete loser.
You keep saying he's an impostor
Is there any evidence?
Empty talk
I am Chu Chen's ex-wife
I am the best evidence
He is a piece of crap
It's not Long Shuai at all
I am the second aunt of Tucheng
I can prove that he is not Long Shuai
I'm his cousin
I can also prove that he is not Long Shuai
That's terrible.
Fake Long Shuai to deceive everyone to attend the wedding of the century
This is too vain
You guys are getting a little cocky.
The real identity of this coach is the highest level of the team
You deserve to know.
Yes, Lin Shuai's identity is a high-level experience
Usually no one knows
I've also heard of Lin Shuai as the leader of Zheng's US army
Not to mention his identity as an outsider
The wife is also a matter of property rights
Yeah this room
It's just a second-tier family in our Haicheng
They don't know Long Shuai's identity
Also in friendship?
Convenient for you, this is in Xuekou Kunlun
Unlike Long Shuai